Artifact Registry for Kyma modules (#8479)
kyma-project/test-infra: configs/terraform/modules/artifact-registry/README.md

    writer_serviceaccount  = "kyma-submission-pipeline@kyma-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
  },
}
```

If you would like to crete a new Artifact registry please copy an existing registry data then modify the **required** parameters according to your requirements. **!Please, do not delete or update existing registry related data set without knowing what you are doing!**

```terraform
artifact_registry_collection = {
    ...
  <your registry's name>={
    name                   = "<your registry's name>"
    owner                  = "<registry owner>"
    type                   = "<type: development or production>"
    reader_serviceaccounts = ["<service account 1>", "<service account 2>"]
  },
  ...
}
```

Additionally you have chance to define optional parameters. Here you can find all parameters you can use:

| Parameter              | Description                                                             | Type         | Required | Default value |
|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|----------|---------------|

> | name                   | Artifact Registry name                                                  | string       | x        |               |
> | owner                  | Registry Owner Team                                                     | string       | x        |               |
> | type                   | Environment type (development, production)                              | string       | x        |               |
> | reader_serviceaccounts | List of Service Accounts who have `Reader` access on registry           | list(string) | x        |               |
> | writer_serviceaccount  | List of Service Account who has  `Writer`  access on registry           | string       |          | ""            |
> | primary_area           | Primary area (if multi region registry)                                 | string       |          | europe        |
> | multi_region           | Multi region or single region registry                                  | bool         |          | true          |
> | public                 | Is it available for every users from the internet with `Reader` access? | bool         |          | false         |
> | immutable              | Immutable tags?                                                         | bool         |          | false         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **name**                   | Artifact Registry name                                                  | string       | x        |               |
| **owner**                  | Registry Owner Team                                                     | string       | x        |               |
| **type**                   | Environment type (development, production)                              | string       | x        |               |
| **reader_serviceaccounts** | List of Service Accounts that have `Reader` access to registry           | list(string) | x        |               |
| **writer_serviceaccount**  | List of Service Accounts that have  `Writer`  access to registry           | string       |          | ""            |
| **primary_area**           | Primary area (if multi-region registry)                                 | string       |          | europe        |
| **multi_region**           | Multi-region or single-region registry                                  | bool         |          | true          |
| **public**                 | Is it available for every internet user with `Reader` access? | bool         |          | false         |
| **immutable**              | Immutable tags?                                                         | bool         |          | false         |
```

> | immutable              | Immutable tags?                                                         | bool         |          | false         |

Reviewer: What does the description mean? Is the meaning: "Are there (any) immutable tags?"

Author: This is a special tag. Theoretically it is known by the guys who use it. :-)

> 
> 
> 
> 
> When you use the GCP private image registry, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When you use the GCP private image registry, consider the following:
```

- The solution is prepared for the GCP Service Account related execution.

> - The `roles/artifactregistry.writer` role binding is part of the solution. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control). If this variable is empty, the solution won't add any service account with the `writer` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `roles/artifactregistry.writer` role binding is part of the solution. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control). If this variable is empty, the solution doesn't add any service account with the `writer` permission.
```

```terraform
artifact_registry_owner          = "neighbors"
artifact_registry_type           = "development"
artifact_registry_multi_region   = true
artifact_registry_primary_area  = "europe"
```

When you use the GCP private image registry, consider the following:

- The solution is prepared for the GCP Service Account related execution.

> - The `roles/artifactregistry.writer` role binding is part of the solution. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control). (If this variable is empty the solution won't add any service account with writer permission)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `roles/artifactregistry.writer` role binding is part of the solution. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control). If this variable is empty, the solution won't add any service account with the writer permission.
```

- The `roles/artifactregistry.reader` role binding is required for lifecycle-manager service accounts. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control).

> - You can make repository to public if you use the `artifact_registry_public = true` in the `terraform.tfvars`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can make your repository public if you use the `artifact_registry_public = true` in the `terraform.tfvars`
```
